So far you are still blaming others
From the very beginning
I never loved you
I always meet you for the first time
I have only one purpose
Just take everything from you hahaha
There's no cure.
You look down on me?
Your dad looks down on me
All of you look down on me
But I'm going to prove it to you.
I am Chen Shixian
Should be sitting in this position
Chen Shixian, if you weren't so greedy
Temporarily, it may one day be yours
But you chose a dead end
Stop being hypocritical
I am the president of Lin's Group
Something happened to me.
Lin's Group
What should we do?
Call the police!
Call the police and arrest me hahahaha as you wish
The police are already on their way.